Well how does quantum entanglement really work. Actually up until now, nobody knows quite how or why entanglement works. It also gives the idea that tiny particles are linked to each other even if they're separated by long distances. It can  even influence other particles faster than the speed of light. This even baffled Einstein, who famously described it as “spooky action at a distance.” 

But this is the key to the power of quantum computers. In a conventional computer, doubling the number of bits doubles its processing power. But thanks to entanglement, adding extra qubits to a quantum machine produces an exponential increase in its number-crunching ability. There is also a possibility where using specially designed quantum algorithms, we can speed up calculations that classical computers take very long to compute. Quantum entanglement has been demonstrated experimentally with photons, neutrinos, electrons, molecules, and even small diamonds. However quantum entanglement is broken when the entangled particles decohere through interaction with the environment; for example when a measurement is made.

Lets take an example of a simple system of two qubits. This is the simplest system to display quantum entanglement. The quantum state of this system of two entangled qubits can possibly be represented by :
$$
|\psi\rangle = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}}(|00\rangle+|11\rangle)
$$
In this state, called an *equal superposition*, there are equal probabilities of measuring either product state $|00\rangle $ or $|11\rangle$ as  $|\frac{1}{\sqrt{2}}|^2 = \frac{1}{2}$.In other words, there is no way to tell if the first qubit has value “0” or “1” and likewise for the second qubit. To understand what does the $|00\rangle,|11\rangle$ terms  means let's take an example where we have two people, P1 and P2 and that these qubits are separated. When P1 measures one of the qubits P2 must get the same result as the qubits are entangled. So lets say, P1 measures $|0\rangle$ then P2 must measure the same as $|00\rangle$ is the only state P1 can measure $|0\rangle$ .If P1 measures $|1\rangle$ then P2 must measure the same. If it is still confusing to understand, you can look at the following figure. Here we considered 2 qubit by you can have more than 2 qubits entangled in a quantum computer.

